Ugam is a leading next-gen analytics company that helps retailers, brands and market research firms transform big data into valuable insights. Working across 4 continents with a client portfolio including big names like eBay, LinkedIn, LVMH, etc., it was an amazing opportunity for me to apply what I have been learning as part of my Business Analytics coursework as a Masters student at The University of Texas at Dallas.

I am working as a Product Analyst for Ugam's client Stubhub, helping them identify and improve on their analytical pipeline supporting product development. Over the course of the internship, I got to work on multiple project areas -

    Standardizing the A/B testing pipeline for a quick turnover on experimentation with a focus on delivering concise and accurate results for the Product Managers
    Distilling results of statistical tests and equipping dashboards for quick reads on the data, delivering insights in a more business decision oriented manner
    Evolving the database and schema to help facilitate faster querying and better query building for developing analytical datasets

As a part of a big consulting firm in Ugam, I learnt how to manage client expectations, help foster a sense of trust between the client and the consultant, openness in communication and how to approach a business problem from scratch. At the same time I developed an understanding of the effort put into the development of a platform like Stubhub. From the data engineering to web development, coordinating A/B testing for releases and many more parallel work streams that come together to realize a common goal.

This would not have been possible without the core stats and business knowledge I gained during my 1st year at UT Dallas. Special thanks to Prof. Jason Parker, Prof. Awanti Sethi and Prof. Walter Johnston. And big thanks to my team at Ugam, Sharon, Ashwin and Vinay for helping me transition into the job and to Dillon, Somya, Justin, Meri, Deepak and Garret at Stubhub who helped me get a grip on the data and got me settled into the work flow and deliver the best work I could.

Looking forward to another great semester with everyone!

#UTDMSBA #UTD #JSOM #ProductAnalytics